oh right her rate for Japan let's do
this
zero samus unboxing I know it's the
Japanese version but who fears is gonna
work in game anyways I don't need to run
in store and do that stupid line the
scalpers cuz that's all there is down
here it's scalpers yeah I want to say
the artwork as usual she is my really
most anticipated amiibo there Havard as
a character as in the collection and
everything save in the artwork just
gotta put it in the background
I ain't needed for my nice amiibo
background don't mess it up yeah cuz I
think I'm pretty sure amiibos are
region-free comments down below guys if
you think I'm wrong
there we go success successfully put it
up on the wall I will after this oh man
she's got a stick of Destiny upper but
what is that honestly I didn't notice
this person when I got her there yo
American Canadian Japanese Mexican
Italian person who cares nobody knows
when it's out of the box
alright focus baby oh yeah
isn't she pretty she looks just like my
sister Heather yeah have their sis if
you're watching and you're doing a
cosplay event you got to do this suit
with the shoes and everything alright so
there it is but look at that in the back
man looks like she's wearing you know
armored leg or something that's all you
see you don't want to look at it from
behind front side is fine did I miss
anything scanning all 360 oh degree of
the spanic actor
really good job I can't ask for more but
this it's got to come off
can't too bad so sad alright guys stay
tuned
I got dark pit to do and Ganondorf well
Ganon for me right after this stay put